Hi guys this is just a summary from the github tutorial for us to use as a quick reference! :) 

1. Install git https://git-scm.com/downloads

2. Follow this video to learn how to clone our repository and make changes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sz2EM-gkEs0 
You can commit changes through the "source control" tab on the side of VS code. You can also access other git commands in the "..." button of source control.
To make downloading our repository easier, you can download the github desktop app too

But anyway, the below instructions were what was provided in the eclass tutorial.
**please pay attention to step 9 about working in your own branch** 

3. Now open up 'terminal' in VS code. 

4. This is a one time thing to set your email and name in VS code:
type the commands in terminal: 
git config --global user.email "you@example.com"
git config --global user.name "Your Name"

5. Choose the files from the repository folder that you want to edit. 

6. After you've made changes you're happy with you, *make sure you save your changes to the files* and THEN the files that had changes will 
be marked with a "M" to show that they were "modified" and are now ready to be committed. 
You commit them to log what you've done by using the command:
git commit -m "message" 
-note that you can write in "message" a summary of the changes you made

7. To check what changes have been made: 
git log 

8. To check the status of the file (if changes need to be committed or not)
git status

9. Very important - do not make changes directly to our main branch. We make changes in our own branches and then submit "pull requests" that get verified
by the leader (me I guess?) to merge into the main branch. Once merged, we delete the old side branch. 

10. To work in your own branch/make a new one: 
git checkout -b branchname
-note to make it easy you can just name the branch your name, eg. git checkout -b alanna
(at the left bottom corner it will tell you what branch you are working in)

12. To switch between branches (and look at the different code too)
git checkout branchname 

11. To push changes from VS code to github online
git push

12. If branch is not connected remotely yet it will ask you to type in 
git push --set-upstream origin branchname

and then it will be pushed and added online!

13. Finally, go on github and make a pull request for your branch. Then I'll approve and merge it if its all good!
